Third party code (#4)
epiverse-trace/blueprints: blueprints.Rmd

* When contributing to external projects, we observe their contributor code of conduct

> ### Reusing third-party code

Author: Sounds good to me, I will make the changes

Whether we reuse entire source files or libraries, or we paste source code from third-party authors, we must properly credit them and ensure any license allows us to properly reuse their code.

* When directly inserting/adapting external code into our source files, add a comment right before said code using the following format:
  ```
  // credits: SOURCE_URL
  ```
  Where `SOURCE_URL` is the url where we obtained the source code (_e.g._ stackoverflow, etc.). That way we may be able to automatically create a document that summarizes such credits

> * When reusing entire libraries, ensure that their licenses are compatible with ours. For instance, if we chose MIT or a similar license for our projects, it may not be a good idea to reuse GPL code, since we would be compelled to change our license to GPL, too. In general, we should would avoid any library with licenses --either open or non non open source-- that are more restrictive than ours
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When reusing licensed code, we ensure that third-party licenses are compatible with our project's license. For instance, we may want to avoid reusing GPL code if our project uses MIT, since we would then have to change our license to GPL. See [this article](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html) by the Free Software Foundation for more information on free software licenses.

```
